hey guys this is Swift minge reviews and
today I have an awesome pony review so
today I have the school
my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic cameo
pencil toppers now what's interesting
about these is they were in the
Halloween section and I found I'm half
price at target because Halloween is
long gone but um yeah the I guess these
were meant to be given out as prizes for
kids when they wore their costumes for
trick-or-treating but I can only imagine
how that went so I've been thinking and
this is exactly what would happen on
Halloween night if a guy came up here
during the evening so you're gonna be
like this right so you're giving this
ache this all right take this
right now has a pony I look at stop
Pinkie Pie you can take this don't eat
it not safe to eat but take this is what
you get for critical ok take take it
what what is this why im gonna kidding
wouldn't but whatever that's not what
this video is about I want to check
these out so right now I'm already
starting to really dig these I like the
chibi style these are made by blip toys
and let's see a close up look on that
part right there so the characters that
are available in these bags are Rainbow
Dash Pinkie Pie toilet Sparkle rarity
Applejack and Fluttershy it says collect
all six cameos but I don't think that's
going to happen so let's at least check
these out and see what ones we get
inside alrighty this one is oh yeah I
Fluttershy I was definitely watching
Fluttershy I'm going to hit this open I
have no idea how to get this up all
right there we go now she's out right
now so there is Fluttershy right there
she has her trademark hair that swoops
down like that it is a very cute little
chibi pony her arms are crossed it does
bounce and it has a little butterfly
right there so i really like fluttershy
so far so let's see what other by the
way is the bottom and you can put it on
a pencil
but I'm not going to do it because I
don't want to get like a racer on the
inside of it or whatever but yeah
alright so let's open this next one here
actually by the way Pinkie Pie is
looking kind of scary on the front there
so hopefully we do get thank-you pie
she's not disturb unless you look in the
pen oh it's why light alright cool boy I
hope you know how to open this oh she
looks really cool too so this is
Twilight Sparkle she looks pretty cool
also very bouncy the only thing I don't
really like is that it is very very
glossy so it it just looks a little
strange a little bit but overall I
really like this style of it in the
design and of course since it's rubber
it's going to be glossy so and there's a
light shining directly on it so I guess
it's not a big deal but I really like
this one also all right last bag let's
see here epic fail we got a duplicate
there is Fluttershy still I double
Fluttershy ahead Fluttershy is one of my
favorites so you liked this video don't
forget to subscribe rate and give us a
comment and we'll have more videos of
all kinds coming soon game reviews torn
reviews giveaways all that sorts of
stuff all here swift ninja reviews
thanks for watching everybody and i'll
see you guys next time